Since Beta8, there is a full-working upload limit blocker. It blocks to send if it reaches the limit. It also distributes the given upload (for example 10 kb/sec) equally. To have this limit is a very important thing, because if you just send a lot of data and your provider upload limit is reached, normally also your incoming packets will get a huge delay and a lot of packages get lost (because there are just too many), etc. So, if you stay beyond the limit, you guarantee that the delay stays short and everything just works fine.

So, with this new technic, if you set the limit low enough, you will always have a very good ping (even with hundreds of players in it). But, if the limit is too low, your clients will receive very less data. For example, if you set the limit to 10 kb/sec and you have to other clients in it, they would receive both up to 5 kb/sec. If you have 5 clients, each would receive 2 kb/sec. 5 kb/sec for each client is a good value (I think they receive 10 updates per second or so with 5 kb/sec; that is very good). If you have 4 clients now, each one will get 2,5 kb/sec and therefore around 5 updates per second. It also depends a bit how much data is there to send. For example, in an action scene with a lot of shoots, more data has to be send (all the shoot-lists) and therefore, they will receive perhaps only 2 updates in one second (with 2,5 kb/sec upload). In this case, it probably seems a bit choppy, but even then, the actuall delay is very short.

You really never should set a higher upload limit than your connection allows. If there are enough players to get to the limit and the limit was too high, you will get all the problems like high ping etc and everything will have a huge delay and lag a lot. A good value is perhaps the half of your possible upload. For example: I have an upload of 786 kbit/sec ~= 65 kb/sec. A good value for me would be around 30 kb/sec upload limit.

Your limit is defined like this:
You have fixed upload limits if you set your network speed (under options) to Modem (2,5 kb/sec upload) or ISDN (7,5 kb/sec upload). These both limits are very low, but higher limits would not make sense for these connections. If you set the network speed to LAN, you'll have at least a limit of 10 kb/sec. But now you can also set a higher limit in the config file (cfg/options.cfg) under [Network] for MaxUploadBandwidth (specify the limit in bytes). You can write for example 20000 there (for 20 kb/sec), that is the default. But remember: This limit is ignored if your network speed is set to Modem or ISDN.
