Vermes doesn't require installation beyond putting all of its files in a 
directory somewhere. If you can read this, you're probably already ready to
play. You may want to edit default/config.cfg first, though, to set up your
nickname and key bindings.

For instructions on building Vermes from source, see BUILD

Vermes is released under the terms of the GNU Public License Version 2.0. For 
the terms of this license, see LICENSE

Vermes is based on Gusanos 0.9c, available at:
 http://gusanos.sourceforge.net/
 
For more information about the creators of Gusanos and Vermes, see CREDITS

And if you'd like to get developing, check out our TODO - patches welcome! The
source for Vermes currently lives at http://home.dubdot.com/vermes/ - that's 
an SVN repository, so feel free to grab the code. And email dominic@dubdot.com
if you'd like karma.

===

What is Vermes?
 Vermes is a fork of the popular Liero clone, Gusanos.
 
What is Liero?
 Liero is a great, fast-paced, 2D action game. With worms. And guns.
 
Why fork Gusanos?
 In a single word: liberty.

 The main reason for Vermes' existance is the use of non-free libraries in 
 Gusanos. Vermes aims to be a completely open and free Liero clone. There are 
 philosophical and esoteric reasons for this, and more practical ones. 
 Philosophically, it's nice to be in control of the software you use. 
 Practically, removing proprietary dependencies means Vermes can be integrated
 into free software projects, like operating system repositories.
 
 There are also a number of smaller reasons for the fork. A borked scons build
 system, unfriendly CVS, hard-to-get source releases, and inactive development.
 At the time Gusanos was forked, there hadn't been a release in a year. 
 Furthermore, the developers had decided to abandon the code base, to redevelop
 1.0 from scratch. Vermes decided to avoid Joel Spolsky's idea of a strategic
 mistake (http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000069.html)
 
 That's not to say anything bad about Basra and Gliptic. They've put a lot
 of work into this game. In fact, for now, 99% of the code in Vermes was 
 written by them. See CREDITS for more details.